docs(nextjs): Add App Router pageload-SSR span linking limitation note (#13839)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/common/tracing/distributed-tracing/index.mdx

</Alert>

<PlatformSection supported={["javascript.nextjs"]}>

<Alert>

> Pageload to SSR span linking is not supported on the App Router with Next.js versions up to and including 14.

Reviewer: l: let's be clear on terminology. [Span linking](https://develop.sentry.dev/sdk/telemetry/traces/span-links/) is different to tracing and we should avoid confusing users :)

```suggestion
Pageload to SSR tracing is currently not supported on the App Router with Next.js versions up to and including 14.
```
